I need, in the asset manager tool, an option to set an elevated plane, the same way the seatings, lying and facing locations are done, i.e. with a visual reference in the viewer. We should be able to check / uncheck next to the 3D viewer (i.e. right pane) all the references to not get lost.
The elevated pane should work the same way as seatings: we should be able to set a number of "sockets" and a location for each with a propertie when used or available and the character, when wanting to put an asset (generally a transient one like a dirty dish, a meal, a coffee...) should take the nearest available (otherwise putting it on the ground). See elevatedplanexample.jpg.
This leads to a new asset parameter: objects that can be placed on top of others: for example a coffee machine on top of a counter would be placed at the socket location of the counter, when in buy mode, it basically snaps to the nearest socket when clicking on the table / counter or other similar asset with an elevated plane. This socket becomes obviously unavailable as long as this asset is located here, i.e. the character cannot put a dish or other on top of it. 
When doing an action that requests money (e.g. making a meal), the money is not taken until the action is finished.
In the case of the character eating a meal (it includes eatin snacks etc, it should be an option in the assets manager tool), if I interrupt the action before it is finished, the character puts the corresponding asset that this action generates (here, a snack or a meal, chosen by designer) on the closest elevated plane in a set radius. If no elevated plane is directly accessible then it is put on the ground. For the example of meals, this is when the "perishable" action plays a role because if the meal is not perished, then we can have different actions set by the designer, typically eat or throw away. The generated asset should have the properties of the generated asset minus what was consumed, for example if the meal was half eaten when the action stopped, then the remaining meal has 50% of the remaining hunger need generation when being eaten. If perished, then we can only throw it away (the meal asset should basically change in another transient asset (rotten food).
In the actions tools, each action should have the option to attach an asset to one of the character's bones (e.g. with a dropdown menu), for example putting out the trash puts a garbage bag in the hand of the character when the character reaches the trash can, or the character should have a meal in its hand when transporting the meal from the stove to the table (then the meal will be put on the nearest elevated plane socket OR on the ground, in the case of meals for example, the character can enjoy its meal only if a seat is available next to the socket) but also on the closest sitting socket, even with no table or counter, when these ones are not available, and if none are available, the characters its while standing, see eastingexample1.jpg and eastingexample2.jpg.
If the action of throwing the garbage, for example, is interrupted, the garbage bag transient asset will be put on the ground on the nearest available nav mesh gridsquare. Applies to all actions.
Also, when a character is doing an action such as watching TV, reading, eating etc, the asset the character chose, if it is one that gives confort, should be taken into account in the way that the comfort need will go up, as if we chose "sit", based on this asset.
Finally the "cut" option to cut the walls should have now 3 states instead of 2: the two existing, but also one more, similar to the sims game where only the walls in front of other rooms / assets are cut, see planscutoption3example.jpg. When clicking on the cut button, we basically cycle through these 3 ways of showing walls.